Update docs for Function Mesh v0.1.7 release (#95)
streamnative/function-mesh-website: docs/scaling.md

## Autoscaling

> Function Mesh auto-scales the number of Pods based on the CPU usage, memory usage, a single metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function Mesh auto-scales the number of Pods based on the CPU usage, memory usage, and the customized metrics defined in function or connector.
```

- CPU usage: auto-scale the number of Pods based on 80%, 50% or 20% CPU utilization. 
- Memory usage: auto-scale the number of Pods based on 80%, 50% or 20% memory utilization.
- metrics: auto-scale the number of Pods based on a single metrics. For details, see [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.21/#metricspec-v2beta2-autoscaling).

> **Note**
>
> If you have configured autoscaling based on CPU usages, memory usage, or both of them, you do not need to configure autoscaling based on a specific memory and vice versa.

> By default, autoscaling is disabled (The value of the `maxReplicas` parameter is set to `0`). To enable autoscaling, you can specify the `maxReplicas` parameter and set a value for it in the CRD. This value should be greater than the value of the `replicas` parameter. Then, the number of Pods is automatically scaled when 80% CPU is utilized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, autoscaling is disabled (the value of the `maxReplicas` parameter is set to `0`). To enable autoscaling, you can specify the `maxReplicas` parameter and set a value for it in the CRD. This value should be greater than the value of the `replicas` parameter. Then, the number of Pods is automatically scaled when 80% CPU is utilized.
```
